>> Speaker 1: If you have a nest of
multiple form groups, can you do that?
You have form controls and
then you have form group and
then you have parent FormGroups.
So when do you that do you nest in DIVs,
like you put in
DIVs onto input containers?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
your HTML structure is not bound So
ideally your form would
model your form group and
everything inside of it.
But, you could lay it
out however you want.
>> Speaker 1: But do work or
do you have to put the FormGroup?
On every element inside it.
So if I want to give like say there
was username and password, right?
And I have wanted a FormGroup,
different form groups for username and
different FormGroup for password, okay?
And the tool FormGroup as login, okay?
So I have one FormGroup
called as login and
then I have second FormGroup
called as username.
And in username I have first name and
last name.
And password I have in the password.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I would probably grab,
if I have a group, let's say I have,
let's think of it this way.
You have user name, password, and
you might have another
FormGroup with like an address.
It's a logical division of the model.
The I would probably, one,
put them in two separate FormGroups.
Which then live in the top
level FormGroup, and
I would probably wrap those in a DIV.
So each FormGroup would get a DIV and
I would do form group name and
put that in there.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, and so there's only
one form on the page, as such.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.